Update 02_improve_network_range_and_stability.md (#2671)
Koenkk/zigbee2mqtt.io: docs/advanced/zigbee/02_improve_network_range_and_stability.md

![Routers can stabilize the complete message roundtrip.](https://www.zigbee2mqtt.io/images/routing3.jpg)

> You might choose a dedicated router (for example, a [SONOFF ZBDongle-E based router](https://www.zigbee2mqtt.io/devices/ZBDongle-E.html)) or a mains-powered Zigbee device (for example, a [Hue lamp](https://www.zigbee2mqtt.io/devices/8719514301481.html#philips-8719514301481)) to stabilize your network. Almost all AC powered devices will serve as a router (excpetions are most #AC powereded relays that do not require a neutral wire).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might choose a dedicated router (for example, a [SONOFF ZBDongle-E based router](https://www.zigbee2mqtt.io/devices/ZBDongle-E.html)) or a mains-powered Zigbee device (for example, a [Hue lamp](https://www.zigbee2mqtt.io/devices/8719514301481.html#philips-8719514301481)) to stabilize your network. Almost all AC powered devices will serve as a router (exceptions are most AC powered relays that do not require a neutral wire).
```
